scenario xml definition (#10)
mqtt-varroa/varroa-documentation: LaTeX/Parts/Chapter4.tex

</scenario>
\end{lstlisting}

> A Varroa test is the execution of a user defined Scenario, that is marked down in a XML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Varroa test is the execution of a user defined Scenario, which is specified in a XML file.
```

> To define a valid scenario the user needs to define the topology of the Scenario and the behaviour of its components.

Reviewer 2: define occures twice, maybe use synonym e.g. characterize / describe once

Reviewer 3: no

	</broker>
</broker>
\end{lstlisting}

> The broker is the central component whose resilience is tested by the Scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The broker is the central component whose performance and stress resistance is tested by the Scenario.
```

> The user needs to define:

Reviewer 2: Maybe start the sentence with 'Herefore', could be more fluently readable.

Reviewer 3: 'For this' is better, but good idea.

			<clientIdPattern>A[1-9]+</clientIdPattern>
			<count>100</count>
			<mqtt>
				<!-- MQTT properties -->
			</mqtt>
		</clientGroup>

		<!-- definiton of more client groups -->
</scenario>
\end{lstlisting}
A Scenario contains a number of Client Groups.
A Client Group is a specific amount of MQTT Clients that share the exact same behaviour.
When defining a client group the user needs to specify:

> \begin{itemize}

Reviewer 2: Put full stops at the end of each sentence used in the itemize.

	</topicGroups>
</scenario>
\end{lstlisting}
A Scenario contains a number of Topic Groups.
A Topic Group is a specific amount of MQTT Topics whose names are created from the same regular expression.
When defining a Topic Group the user needs to specify:

> \begin{itemize}

Reviewer 2: Put full stops at the end of each sentence used in the itemize.

			<wildCard>false</wildCard>
		</subscription>

		<subscription id="sub-2">
			<topicFilter>/topic/subtopic/subsubtopic/#</topicFilter>
		</subscription>

		<!-- definition of more subscriptions -->
	</subscriptions>
</scenario>
\end{lstlisting}
A Scenario can contain Subscriptions.

> A Subscription defines a subscription behaviour that Client Groups can implement in their Subscribe Commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Subscription defines a certain subscription behaviour that Client Groups can implement in their Subscribe Commands.
```

A Subscription can either target Topics that match a specific Topic Filter or a referenced Topic Group.
To define a Topic Group the user needs to specify:
\begin{itemize}
	\item \textbf{id:} the identifier to reference the Subscription
	\item \textbf{topicFilter:} the Topic Filter to target specific Topics
\end{itemize}
or
\begin{itemize}
	\item \textbf{id:} the identifier to reference the Subscription
	\item \textbf{topicGroup:} reference to a Topic Group

> 	\item \textbf{wildCard:} whether the Subscription is wild-carded 

Reviewer: I don't think wild-carded is a word

	</stages>
</scenario>
\end{lstlisting}

> A Scenario is divided into Stages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Scenario is divided into one or more Stages.
```

> Those Stages are executed sequential in the order they are specified in the XML document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These Stages are executed in sequential order as they are specified in the XML document.
```

> A Stage contains a number of Lifecycles, those specify the behaviour of Client Groups in the stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Stage contains a number of Lifecycles, which specify the behaviour of Client Groups in the stage.
```

> Lifecylces within a stage are executed in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lifecycles within a stage are executed in parallel.
```

To define a stage the user needs to specify:

> \begin{itemize}

Reviewer 2: Add full stops at the end of items.
